README.md, before:

# Certify Design System Gem
Certify Design System Gem
This gem supplies the Certify Design System Assets to either Jekyll or Rails applications.

### Table of Contents

- Installation
    - Requirements
    - Building
- Usage
- Additional Configuration
- Testing
- Changelog
- License
- Contributing
- Security Issues


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

For Development use the unpacked gem:

```ruby
gem 'certify_design_system', path: "#{path_to_upacked_gem_files}"
```

Or use the GitHub Repository:

```ruby
gem 'certify_design_system', git: 'git@github.com:USSBA/certify_design_system_gem.git', branch: 'master'
```

And then execute:

```
$ bundle
```
### Requirements

This gem requires [Bourbon](https://github.com/thoughtbot/bourbon), [JQuery](https://jquery.com/) and [Sass](https://github.com/sass/sass).   
**note: The gem has hard dependencies on the bourbon and sass gems but __not__ the JQuery gem, as JQuery can be required through CDN instead.

For tests Jekyll, Capybara and Rails are dependencies. Test-only dependencies are listed on the Gemfile but absent from the `gemspec` since using it in rails doesn't require Jekyll be loaded and vice-versa. 

### Building

To build a gem run the rake build command:

```
$ bundle exec rake build
```

## Usage
### Rails

#### Javascript

add the `jquery-rails` gem to the Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'jquery-rails'
```

add the following to application.js on the Rails application (JQuery must be required above the gem)

```javascript 
//= require jquery
//= require cds	
```

#### Stylesheets

add the `sass-rails` gem to the Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'sass-rails'
```

add the following to `application.css.scss` on the Rails application

```sass
@import 'cds'; 
```

Because the bourbon version required is old the gem sets this variable:

```sass
$output-bourbon-deprecation-warnings: false !default;
```

#### Rails Asset Precompile

for images and fonts you may need to precompile:

run asset precompile
`$ bin/rails assets:precompile`

### Jekyll

Add gem to your `Gemfile` under jekyll_plugins.  This gem requires `jekyll-assets` and it must be loaded before in the Gemfile. 

```ruby
group :jekyll_plugins do
  gem 'jekyll-assets'
  gem 'certify_design_system'
end

```

Add this to your `_config.yml`:

```yaml
plugins:
  - jekyll-assets
  - bourbon
  
assets: 
  digest: false
  sources: 
    - app/assets/javascripts
    - app/assets/stylesheets
    - app/assets/fonts
    - app/assets/images
    - core
```

See the documentation on the jekyll-assets gem for more details.

Make sure to require JQuery before any of the javascript resources. 
You can use JQuery's [CDN](https://code.jquery.com/):

```html
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
```

Because the bourbon version required is old the gem sets this variable:

```sass
$output-bourbon-deprecation-warnings: false !default;
```

Use the jekyll-assets tags to load assets:
(The sass files can be individually loaded with the `@import` function into a file that is preprocessed, but the fonts may not work.)

```
{% asset cds.js %}
{% asset cds.scss %}
{% asset certify-sba-gov-logo_on-white.png %}
{% asset svg-sprite/sprite.svg %}
```

Additionally all the fonts need to me added individually:

```
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.ttf %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.woff %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.woff2 %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.eot %}

{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.ttf %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.woff %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.woff2 %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.eot %}
```

## Additional Configuration

### Using Firefox headless instead of Chrome.

Firefox may provide a more consistent experience for testing accross environments as its screenshots are the same size regardless of retina display. 

Install the [geckodriver](https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases): 
`brew install geckodriver`

Make sure you don't have the gem: `geckodriver-helper` installed. If you have it installed you must uninstall it for Firefox to work. 

Add this to `test_helper_rails.rb` and remove Chrome sections: 

```ruby 
Capybara.register_driver :firefox_headless do |app|
  options = ::Selenium::WebDriver::Firefox::Options.new
  options.args << '--headless' 
  options.args << '--marionette'

  Capybara::Selenium::Driver.new(app, 
    browser: :firefox, 
    marionette: true,
    options: options)
end
Selenium::WebDriver::Firefox::Binary.path = "#{path_to_firefox_executable}"
Capybara.javascript_driver = :firefox_headless
```

The path to the firefox executable is different for every machine, for example: 
`"/Applications/FirefoxDeveloperEdition.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox"`.

Then switch Capybara's js driver: 

```ruby
Capybara.configure do |config|
  config.app_host              = 'http://localhost:7000'
  config.default_driver        = :firefox_headless
  config.javascript_driver     = :firefox_headless
  config.server_port           = 7000
  config.default_max_wait_time = 10
end
```

Note:
- The `test_json_asset_manifest` test may not work with _Firefox Developer Edition_ due to the way it renders JSON so use a text rendering for the JSON instead. Using text instead. 
- Setting the binary for Firefox is not ideal. 


#### Importing as Sass. 

If you wish to use  the variables in the scss, be aware that that if you import `cds.scss` from a scss file it will look for the fonts where ever that file sits.

For example:

`assets/stylesheets/my-theme.scss`:

```sass
@import "cds";

body {
  background: $color-gray;
}
````

Then the fonts search for in `assets/stylesheets` thus you'll have to load them manually there. 


## Testing

Run `bundle install` and `bundle exec rake test` to run all tests. 

## Changelog
This gem uses semantic versioning. Version is stored in `lib/certify_design_system/version.rb`.  
Please look at the [releases page](https://github.com/USSBA/certify_design_system_gem/releases) for information on the version releases.

## License 

Please look at [LICENSES.md](/LICENSES.md) for full License information.

## Contributing

Please look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to contribute.

We strive for a welcoming and inclusive environment for the Certify Design System project.

Please follow this guidelines in all interactions:

1. Be Respectful: use welcoming and inclusive language.
2. Assume best intentions: seek to understand other's opinions.

## Security Issues

Please do not submit an issue on GitHub for a security vulnerability. Please contact the development team through the Certify Help Desk at [help@certify.sba.gov](mailto:help@certify.sba.gov).

Be sure to include all the pertinent information.

<sub>The agency reserves the right to change this policy at any time.</sub>

Commit message:

adds info on jqueryui to readme (#17)
* adds info on jqueryui to readme

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Certify Design System Gem
Certify Design System Gem
This gem supplies the Certify Design System Assets to either Jekyll or Rails applications.
More info on Design System can be found at the [Design System Documentation Site](https://ussba.github.io/certify-design-system-documentation/components/questionnaire.html).

### Table of Contents

- Installation
    - Requirements
    - Building
- Usage
- Additional Configuration
- Testing
- Changelog
- License
- Contributing
- Security Issues


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

For Development use the unpacked gem:

```ruby
gem 'certify_design_system', path: "#{path_to_upacked_gem_files}"
```

Or use the GitHub Repository:

```ruby
gem 'certify_design_system', git: 'git@github.com:USSBA/certify_design_system_gem.git', branch: 'master'
```

And then execute:

```
$ bundle
```
### Requirements

This gem requires [Bourbon 4](https://github.com/thoughtbot/bourbon/tree/v4-stable) (see also [Bourbon 4 Docs](https://www.bourbon.io/docs/4/)), [JQuery](https://jquery.com/) and [Sass](https://github.com/sass/sass). Some components may require [JQueryUI](https://jqueryui.com) as well.   
**note: The gem has hard dependencies on the bourbon and sass gems but __not__ the JQuery gem, as JQuery can be required through CDN ([Content Delivery Network](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)) instead. The same is the case with JQueryUI, which can be added manualy or though CDN. 

For tests Jekyll, Capybara and Rails are dependencies. Test-only dependencies are listed on the Gemfile but absent from the `gemspec` since using it in rails doesn't require Jekyll be loaded and vice-versa. 

### Building

To build a gem run the rake build command:

```
$ bundle exec rake build
```

## Usage
### Rails

#### Javascript

add the `jquery-rails` gem to the Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'jquery-rails'
```

add the following to application.js on the Rails application (JQuery must be required above the gem)

```javascript 
//= require jquery
//= require cds	
```

#### Stylesheets

add the `sass-rails` gem to the Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'sass-rails'
```

add the following to `application.css.scss` on the Rails application

```sass
@import 'cds'; 
```

Because the bourbon version required is old the gem sets this variable:

```sass
$output-bourbon-deprecation-warnings: false !default;
```

#### Rails Asset Precompile

for images and fonts you may need to precompile:

run asset precompile
`$ bin/rails assets:precompile`

### Jekyll

Add gem to your `Gemfile` under jekyll_plugins.  This gem requires `jekyll-assets` and it must be loaded before in the Gemfile. 

```ruby
group :jekyll_plugins do
  gem 'jekyll-assets'
  gem 'certify_design_system'
end

```

Add this to your `_config.yml`:

```yaml
plugins:
  - jekyll-assets
  - bourbon
  
assets: 
  digest: false
  sources: 
    - app/assets/javascripts
    - app/assets/stylesheets
    - app/assets/fonts
    - app/assets/images
    - core
```

See the documentation on the jekyll-assets gem for more details.

Make sure to require JQuery before any of the javascript resources. 
You can use JQuery's [CDN](https://code.jquery.com/):

```html
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
```

Because the bourbon version required is old the gem sets this variable:

```sass
$output-bourbon-deprecation-warnings: false !default;
```

Use the jekyll-assets tags to load assets:
(The sass files can be individually loaded with the `@import` function into a file that is preprocessed, but the fonts may not work.)

```
{% asset cds.js %}
{% asset cds.scss %}
{% asset certify-sba-gov-logo_on-white.png %}
{% asset svg-sprite/sprite.svg %}
```

Additionally all the fonts need to me added individually:

```
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.ttf %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.woff %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.woff2 %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-regular-webfont.eot %}

{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.ttf %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.woff %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.woff2 %}
{% asset sourcesanspro-bold-webfont.eot %}
```

## Additional Configuration

### Using Firefox headless instead of Chrome.

Firefox may provide a more consistent experience for testing accross environments as its screenshots are the same size regardless of retina display. 

Install the [geckodriver](https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases): 
`brew install geckodriver`

Make sure you don't have the gem: `geckodriver-helper` installed. If you have it installed you must uninstall it for Firefox to work. 

Add this to `test_helper_rails.rb` and remove Chrome sections: 

```ruby 
Capybara.register_driver :firefox_headless do |app|
  options = ::Selenium::WebDriver::Firefox::Options.new
  options.args << '--headless' 
  options.args << '--marionette'

  Capybara::Selenium::Driver.new(app, 
    browser: :firefox, 
    marionette: true,
    options: options)
end
Selenium::WebDriver::Firefox::Binary.path = "#{path_to_firefox_executable}"
Capybara.javascript_driver = :firefox_headless
```

The path to the firefox executable is different for every machine, for example: 
`"/Applications/FirefoxDeveloperEdition.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox"`.

Then switch Capybara's js driver: 

```ruby
Capybara.configure do |config|
  config.app_host              = 'http://localhost:7000'
  config.default_driver        = :firefox_headless
  config.javascript_driver     = :firefox_headless
  config.server_port           = 7000
  config.default_max_wait_time = 10
end
```

Note:
- The `test_json_asset_manifest` test may not work with _Firefox Developer Edition_ due to the way it renders JSON so use a text rendering for the JSON instead. Using text instead. 
- Setting the binary for Firefox is not ideal. 


#### Importing as Sass. 

If you wish to use  the variables in the scss, be aware that that if you import `cds.scss` from a scss file it will look for the fonts where ever that file sits.

For example:

`assets/stylesheets/my-theme.scss`:

```sass
@import "cds";

body {
  background: $color-gray;
}
````

Then the fonts search for in `assets/stylesheets` thus you'll have to load them manually there. 


## Testing

Run `bundle install` and `bundle exec rake test` to run all tests. 

## Changelog
This gem uses semantic versioning. Version is stored in `lib/certify_design_system/version.rb`.  
Please look at the [releases page](https://github.com/USSBA/certify_design_system_gem/releases) for information on the version releases.

## License 

Please look at [LICENSES.md](/LICENSES.md) for full License information.

## Contributing

Please look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to contribute.

We strive for a welcoming and inclusive environment for the Certify Design System project.

Please follow this guidelines in all interactions:

1. Be Respectful: use welcoming and inclusive language.
2. Assume best intentions: seek to understand other's opinions.

## Security Issues

Please do not submit an issue on GitHub for a security vulnerability. Please contact the development team through the Certify Help Desk at [help@certify.sba.gov](mailto:help@certify.sba.gov).

Be sure to include all the pertinent information.

<sub>The agency reserves the right to change this policy at any time.</sub>
